I am hi Morocco and I am a conservation
photo eight years ago I came to a tomb
for the first time and I got fascinated
by this place there was something in
science that immediately got my
attention and for years I have been
longing to come back I don't know if
it's the tree ferns or its 60-meter
trees or is the horn one or the Quetzal
but cloud forests are a very special
system also very threatened so I have
always wanted to do another project in a
dream floor that could help and
contribute to the conservation of this
fantastic place
a lot of our projects have communication
elements on it and more and more I was
seeing the power of the images and I was
attracted by that and they have a the
energy and the power good video good
stills
can really change the content can move
the audience into doing something else
it speaks and more emotional language
than science so if we combine it with
science for example you can achieve
something really really really powerful
that can help conservation